>> Steve Kinney: There is,
we're going to take a look real quick.
I'll switch off this slide.
We'll look at the "Paint
Storming" example.
We'll take a first look and we'll see
right now it causes a paint storm.
What we want to do is we
want to refractor it, so
that when the mouse enters it
moves up to it's own layer.
And then when it ends, we put it
back down or when the mouse leaves.
So let's take a look at the code and
then I'll give you some time
to play around with this.
So let's actually look at
it in the browser first.
I don't need the special,
super special mode anymore.
We're going to paint storming, I've got
this red box, click on it, look at that
little green array paint follow it,
let's refresh this, it's fun to watch.
We're going to paint, and
it's like a little paint storm,
it's just repainting every pixel.
All right, what is this?
So if we look at the code and
we look under
moving boxes, thought that was
the other one, paint storming.
Cool.
We look under paint storming.
Ignore that there is a solutions
directory, it is not important.
Pay no attention to
the solutions directory.
We are going to use jQuery for
animation because 10 years ago, and
that's what we're doing right now.
And you can see that that's
using JavaScript to adjust
the marginLeft, all right?
And it's not surprising that
that changes the inline style,
which triggers a repaint,
in this case, right?
And we're doing it on every frame, and
let's actually measure it for a second.
Let's see what's going on here.
We'll refresh.
I'm going to turn off the paint flashing
when you also try to collect
the performance metrics.
Otherwise, things will be horrifyingly
bad because the browser is also trying to
paint all those green squares and
you'll get noise.
So you turn off the paint flashing.
Click it.
>> Steve Kinney: And
this is the process of getting
that box 500 pixels over, right?
And we can zoom in,
we can see that there's some JavaScript,
there is a recalculated style, there's
a layout, there's an update layer tray.
Composite some layers, and
we're doing this repeatedly.
So it would be great to not do this,
cuz this is work.
Not doing work is faster than doing work.
So we look at the code.
>> Steve Kinney: There
is this move class, which seems to know
how to get it all the way over, and
there does seem to be a transition.
So if we apply that move class
instead of doing it as a jQuery,
we could just use CSS transitions, right?
Seems like maybe on click what we want
to say is add that move class and
it should move.
But then we're still making it's own
layer and moving at the same time so
we're probably going to need to write some
extra JavaScript to be able to move it.
So this is your turn to give it a shot,
then we'll do it together.
So I'm gonna put this slide up for
a second, but then I'm gonna go back to
that other code that we saw earlier, and
that'll be where I freeze it for
a little bit.
But your job is to get rid
of that jQuery animation,
use the CSS transition, but when the mouse
enters, when we wanna add will-change,
when they click,
we want to add this class.
And then when the mouse leaves, where the
transition ends, that will be when we put
it back on its own layer because we are
good citizens in the browser community.